docs: Remove onramp kit from onramp guides (#553)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/sdk/onramp-kit/guides/stripe.mdx

import { Steps, Callout } from 'nextra/components'
import Image from 'next/image'

# Integration with Stripe

> 

Reviewer: Can we add some information about what is possible through this Integration like you did for Monerium here? https://github.com/safe-global/safe-docs/pull/553/files#diff-efc102eaaa40c277c1a243efd02c54933ba1f39eb22ab662d1cac4add1b6f276R7

> <Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">

Reviewer: @germartinez might have thoughts on if we should remove this as he was working on a different style on redirection. Might be good to check this with him.

Author: @germartinez I will wait for our discussion to resolve this comment. I see three possibilities: 1. I remove the callout. 2. I make it optional. 3. I leave it as it is.

I am also happy to create an importable component that checks for a get parameter in the URL and displays a Callout conditionally.

Author: Resolved: We leave it like it is for this PR and create a new PR to make it conditional.

With the deprecation of the Onramp SDK, developers are now directed to integrate directly with Stripe’s Crypto Onramp service.
</Callout>

## Integrate the Stripe Crypto Onramp Widget

<Steps>

### Obtain your public and private keys

To use the Stripe Crypto Onramp service, you need to obtain your [public and private keys](https://docs.stripe.com/keys).
You have to apply for the crypto onramp service and add at least your business address and information to your Stripe account.
When your application is approved, you will find your public and private keys in your [Stripe Developer Dashboard](https://dashboard.stripe.com/test/apikeys).

### Install the SDK and client library

> You can install the Stripe SDK as a script or as a package. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add the Stripe SDK as a script or install it as an npm package. 
```

<CH.Section>
  <CH.Code style={{boxShadow: 'none'}}>

>     ```html script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```html Script
```

    <head>
      <title>Onramp</title>
      <script src="https://js.stripe.com/v3/"></script>
      <script src="https://crypto-js.stripe.com/crypto-onramp-outer.js"></script>
    </head>
    ```

>     ```bash package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash npm
```

    npm install --save @stripe/stripe-js @stripe/crypto
    ```
  </CH.Code>
</CH.Section>

### Generate a crypto onramp session

> You need to generate a crypto onramp session using your stripe private key.

Reviewer: Should these be numbered steps (if they should be done in order)?

Author: Hey, not sure which steps you mean here.

Author: The steps container creates numbered steps from the "###" headlines. Did you mean this?

You have to make an API request to the [Stripe API](https://docs.stripe.com/api/crypto/onramp_sessions) to create a new session.
The new session will have a unique `client_secret` that you can use to initialize the Stripe widget for your user.

As you use your private key, the request must be made from your backend.
The backend can then send the `client_secret` to your frontend.
You can use the [Safe example Stripe](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-core-sdk/tree/main/packages/onramp-kit/example/server) server as a starting point for your backend.

Here is how you generate a crypto onramp session using your private key:

<CH.Section>
  <CH.Code style={{boxShadow: 'none'}}>

>     ```typescript typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```typescript TypeScript
```

      const stripeSessionResponse = await fetch(
        'https://api.stripe.com/v1/crypto/onramp_sessions',
        {
          method: 'POST',
          headers: {
            'Content-Type': 'application/x-www-form-urlencoded',
            Authorization:
              'Bearer sk_test_51...Eg7o' // your private key for stripe
          },
          body: 'wallet_addresses[ethereum]=0x3A16E3090e32DDeD2250E862B9d5610BEF13e93d'
        }
      )

    const decodedResponse = await stripeSessionResponse.json()
    const clientSecret = decodedResponse['client_secret']
    ```

    ```bash curl
      curl -X POST https://api.stripe.com/v1/crypto/onramp_sessions \
        # your private key for stripe
        -u sk_test_51...Eg7o: \
        # optional parameters, for example a wallet address
        -d "wallet_addresses[ethereum]"="0xB00F0759DbeeF5E543Cc3E3B07A6442F5f3928a2"
    ```
  </CH.Code>
</CH.Section>

### Initialize the Stripe widget

> The stripe widget is a secure iframe that allows users to purchase cryptocurrencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Stripe widget is a secure iframe that allows users to purchase cryptocurrencies.
```

      <div id='onramp-element' />
    ```
  </CH.Code>
</CH.Section>

### Listen to Stripe events

You can listen to the [frontend events](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/using-the-api#frontend-events) from the Stripe widget to update your UI or handle errors.

```typescript typescript
  // Listen to events using the onrampSession object from one of the previous step
  onrampSession.addEventListener('onramp_ui_loaded', event => {
    console.log('Onramp UI loaded:', event)
  })

  onrampSession.addEventListener('onramp_session_updated', event => {
    console.log('Onramp session updated:', event)
  })

  // For modal overlay render mode only
  onrampSession.addEventListener('onramp_ui_modal_opened', event => {
    console.log('Onramp UI modal opened:', event)
  })

  onrampSession.addEventListener('onramp_ui_modal_closed', event => {
    console.log('Onramp UI modal closed:', event)
  })
```

</Steps>

Now Stripe will render the widget in the `onramp-element` div, allowing users to purchase cryptocurrencies securely.

![The Stripe widget](https://b.stripecdn.com/docs-statics-srv/assets/crypto-onramp-overview.c4c0682697f2cd4c1c2769c3c5e08506.png)

## Test the Stripe widget

>   In production, each customer should pass an individual KYC process but probably you want to test your application before 😊. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In production, each customer should pass an individual KYC process but probably you want to test your application before. 
```

  | **CVC**                     | 123                         | Use any CVC 123                                               |
  | **Billing Zip Code**        | 12345                       | Use any zip code 12345 for billing               

In the following images you can find examples of the KYC process and the payment method:

Personal Info:

<Image src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9806858/228418052-30b2239a-ca19-4639-9858-4344d3ba7d45.png" width={300} height={500} alt="KYC Personal info example" />

Address:
<Image src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9806858/228418056-48cfa6a6-fde9-4504-a8be-ce91b03c960f.png" width={300} height={500} alt="KYC Address Example" />

Payment Method:
<Image src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9806858/228418059-b83b6357-a6b0-4f09-a4b2-3b89767cb4f0.png" width={300} height={500} alt="Payment Method" />

These date will allow you to test the Stripe widget without passing the KYC process.

## Conclusion

Well done, you have successfully integrated the Stripe Crypto Onramp service into your application.
Your users can now purchase cryptocurrencies securely within your app.

> If you have any questions or encounter any issues, the [Stripe support](https://support.stripe.com/) is responsive and helpful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions or encounter any issues, reach out to the [Stripe support](https://support.stripe.com/) team.
```
